README.rst, before:

Credentials plugin for `Tutor <https://docs.tutor.overhang.io>`__
===================================================================================

This is a plugin for `Tutor <https://docs.tutor.overhang.io>`_ that integrates the `Credentials <https://github.com/openedx/credentials/>`__ application in an Open edX platform.
Credentials application supports course and program certificates. This plugin offers an admin panel where user can do configurations for the certificates of his course and program.

Note that user will have to create the course/program using `Discovery plugin <https://github.com/overhangio/tutor-discovery>`__. Then Credentials plugin will be used for certificates configurations.

.. image:: https://github.com/overhangio/tutor-credentials/blob/main/doc/django-admin-screen-shot.png
    :alt: Django Admin

Installation
------------

::

    pip install https://github.com/overhangio/tutor-credentials.git

Note that this plugin is compatible with `Kubernetes integration <http://docs.tutor.overhang.io/k8s.html>`__.


For further instructions on how to setup Credentials with Open edX, check the `Official Credentials documentation <https://readthedocs.org/projects/edx-credentials/>`__.

Usage
-----

::

    pip install tutor-credentials
    tutor plugins enable discovery mfe credentials
    tutor local launch

Using Django Admin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The credentials user interface will be available at http://credentials.local.overhang.io for a local instance, and at ``CREDENTIALS_HOST`` (by  default: ``http(s)://credentials.<your lms host>``) in production. In order to run commands from the UI login with an admin user at: http://credentials.local.overhang.io/admin/. User should be able to authenticate with the same username and password that he used for his lms.

Configuration
-------------

Application configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- ``CREDENTIALS_HOST`` (default: ``"credentials.{{ LMS_HOST }}"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_MYSQL_DATABASE`` (default: ``"credentials"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_MYSQL_USERNAME`` (default: ``"credentials"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_MYSQL_PASSWORD`` (default: ``"{{ 8|random_string }}"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_CATALOG_API_URL`` (default: ``"{{ LMS_HOST }}"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_DOCKER_IMAGE`` (default: ``"{{ DOCKER_REGISTRY }}overhangio/openedx-credentials:{{ CREDENTIALS_VERSION }}"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_EXTRA_PIP_REQUIREMENTS`` (default: ``[]``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_PRIVACY_POLICY_URL``  (default: ``"LMS_HOST/pricacy-policy"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_SITE_NAME`` (default: ``"LMS_HOST"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_TOS_URL`` (default: ``"{{ LMS_HOST }}/tos"``)

Marketing & Theming
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_TRADEMARK_URL`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo-trademark.svg"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_TRADEMARK_URL_PNG`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo-trademark.png"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_TRADEMARK_URL_SVG`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo-trademark.svg"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_URL`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo.svg"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_URL_PNG`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo.png"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_URL_SVG`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo.svg"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_WHITE_URL`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo-white.svg"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_WHITE_URL_PNG`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo-white.png"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_WHITE_URL_SVG`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo-white.svg"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_FAVICON_URL`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/favicon.ico"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_THEME_NAME`` (default: ``"edx-theme"``)

Backend authentication
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- ``CREDENTIALS_BACKEND_SERVICE_EDX_OAUTH2_KEY`` (default: ``"credentials-backend-service-key"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_BACKEND_SERVICE_EDX_OAUTH2_SECRET`` (default: ``"{{ CREDENTIALS_OAUTH2_SECRET }}"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_BACKEND_SERVICE_EDX_OAUTH2_PROVIDER_URL`` (default: ``"http://lms:8000/oauth2"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_OAUTH2_KEY``  (default: ``credentials-backend-service-key"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_OAUTH2_SECRET`` (default: ``"CHANGE-ME"``)

Application Third party authentication
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- ``CREDENTIALS_SOCIAL_AUTH_REDIRECT_IS_HTTPS`` (default: ``{% if ENABLE_HTTPS %}True{% else %}False{% endif %}``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_ISSUER`` (default: ``"{% if ENABLE_HTTPS %}https{% else %}http{% endif %}://{{ LMS_HOST }}"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_URL_ROOT`` (default: ``"http://lms:8000"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_KEY`` (default: ``"credentials-sso-key"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_SECRET`` (default: ``"credentials-sso-secret"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_LOGOUT_URL`` (default: ``"{{ SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_ISSUER }}/logout"``)

Funding
-------

.. image:: https://www.academiacentral.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/academia-nobeta.png
    :alt: Academia Central
    :target: https://www.academiacentral.org/

This plugin was initially developed and open sourced to the community thanks to the generous support of `Academia Central <https://www.academiacentral.org/>`_. Thank you!

License
-------

This software is licensed under the terms of the AGPLv3.

Commit message:

docs: instruction to create a new admin user
docs: improved indentation

docs: instruction to create a new admin user

README.rst, after:

Credentials plugin for `Tutor <https://docs.tutor.overhang.io>`__
===================================================================================

This is a plugin for `Tutor <https://docs.tutor.overhang.io>`_ that integrates the `Credentials <https://github.com/openedx/credentials/>`__ application in an Open edX platform.
Credentials application supports course and program certificates. This plugin offers an admin panel where user can do configurations for the certificates of his course and program.

Note that user will have to create the course/program using `Discovery plugin <https://github.com/overhangio/tutor-discovery>`__. Then Credentials plugin will be used for certificates configurations.

.. image:: https://github.com/overhangio/tutor-credentials/blob/main/doc/django-admin-screen-shot.png
    :alt: Django Admin

Installation
------------

::

    pip install https://github.com/overhangio/tutor-credentials.git

Note that this plugin is compatible with `Kubernetes integration <http://docs.tutor.overhang.io/k8s.html>`__.


For further instructions on how to setup Credentials with Open edX, check the `Official Credentials documentation <https://readthedocs.org/projects/edx-credentials/>`__.

Usage
-----

::

    pip install tutor-credentials
    tutor plugins enable discovery mfe credentials
    tutor local launch

Creating A Superuser
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The credentials user interface will be available at http://credentials.local.overhang.io for a local instance, and at ``CREDENTIALS_HOST`` (by  default: ``http(s)://credentials.<your lms host>``) in production. To run commands from the UI, a user must be created::

    tutor local run credentials ./manage.py createsuperuser
    
Then, you can login with this user at http://credentials.local.overhang.io/admin/. 

Configuration
-------------

Application configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- ``CREDENTIALS_HOST`` (default: ``"credentials.{{ LMS_HOST }}"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_MYSQL_DATABASE`` (default: ``"credentials"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_MYSQL_USERNAME`` (default: ``"credentials"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_MYSQL_PASSWORD`` (default: ``"{{ 8|random_string }}"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_CATALOG_API_URL`` (default: ``"{{ LMS_HOST }}"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_DOCKER_IMAGE`` (default: ``"{{ DOCKER_REGISTRY }}overhangio/openedx-credentials:{{ CREDENTIALS_VERSION }}"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_EXTRA_PIP_REQUIREMENTS`` (default: ``[]``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_PRIVACY_POLICY_URL``  (default: ``"LMS_HOST/pricacy-policy"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_SITE_NAME`` (default: ``"LMS_HOST"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_TOS_URL`` (default: ``"{{ LMS_HOST }}/tos"``)

Marketing & Theming
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_TRADEMARK_URL`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo-trademark.svg"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_TRADEMARK_URL_PNG`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo-trademark.png"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_TRADEMARK_URL_SVG`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo-trademark.svg"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_URL`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo.svg"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_URL_PNG`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo.png"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_URL_SVG`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo.svg"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_WHITE_URL`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo-white.svg"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_WHITE_URL_PNG`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo-white.png"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_LOGO_WHITE_URL_SVG`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/logo-white.svg"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_FAVICON_URL`` (default: ``"https://edx-cdn.org/v3/default/favicon.ico"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_THEME_NAME`` (default: ``"edx-theme"``)

Backend authentication
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- ``CREDENTIALS_BACKEND_SERVICE_EDX_OAUTH2_KEY`` (default: ``"credentials-backend-service-key"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_BACKEND_SERVICE_EDX_OAUTH2_SECRET`` (default: ``"{{ CREDENTIALS_OAUTH2_SECRET }}"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_BACKEND_SERVICE_EDX_OAUTH2_PROVIDER_URL`` (default: ``"http://lms:8000/oauth2"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_OAUTH2_KEY``  (default: ``credentials-backend-service-key"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_OAUTH2_SECRET`` (default: ``"CHANGE-ME"``)

Application Third party authentication
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- ``CREDENTIALS_SOCIAL_AUTH_REDIRECT_IS_HTTPS`` (default: ``{% if ENABLE_HTTPS %}True{% else %}False{% endif %}``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_ISSUER`` (default: ``"{% if ENABLE_HTTPS %}https{% else %}http{% endif %}://{{ LMS_HOST }}"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_URL_ROOT`` (default: ``"http://lms:8000"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_KEY`` (default: ``"credentials-sso-key"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_SECRET`` (default: ``"credentials-sso-secret"``)
- ``CREDENTIALS_SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_LOGOUT_URL`` (default: ``"{{ SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_ISSUER }}/logout"``)

Funding
-------

.. image:: https://www.academiacentral.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/academia-nobeta.png
    :alt: Academia Central
    :target: https://www.academiacentral.org/

This plugin was initially developed and open sourced to the community thanks to the generous support of `Academia Central <https://www.academiacentral.org/>`_. Thank you!

License
-------

This software is licensed under the terms of the AGPLv3.
